Add content for Nodes, Workloads, Dashboard and Security Events and JIRA NVSHAS-7522, NVSHAS-9293 and NVSHAS-8148 (#109)
neuvector/docs: docs/15.ui_extension/03.notifictions/notifications.md

---
title: 5.x Notifications
taxonomy:
category: docs
slug: /ui_extension/notifications
---

### Event Reporting

#### Security Events

> In UI Extension on Rancher portal, Security Events works similar as NeuVector standalone page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the UI Extension on the Rancher portal, Security Events work similar to the NeuVector standalone page.
```

Author: Fixed

> The events can be triggered by several factors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The events can be triggered by several factors:
```

Author: Fixed

- Dangerous conversation or data transportation from somewhere to the endpoint (Node or pod)
- End-to-end violated connection against network policy
- Violated operation against process profile rule
- Violated operation against file access rule

![Security Events](sec_events.png)

> Slide left or  / and right dot on the time slider to filter events by date.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Slide the dot left or right on the time slider to filter events by date.
```

Author: Fixed

![Security Events](sec_events_time_filter.png)

> Type in keyword into quick filter box to filter any event which includes the keyword.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Type in keywords into the quick filter box to filter any event which includes the keyword.
```

Author: Fixed

![Security Events](sec_events_quick_filter.png)

> Open the Advanced filter slide panel, there are multiple options supporting your searching.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open the Advanced filter slide panel, and you will find multiple options supporting your search:
```

Author: Fixed

- Severity, Location and Category can be filtered according to the tags on the right side of the event title.
- Autocomplete list can support user to enter Host, Source, Destination
- Autocomplete list also support multiple tag-input box for Namespace

![Security Events](sec_events_adv_filter.png)

> To read the details of the event, click on a record to expand the panel. In the message box, it contains more informations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To read the details of the event, click on a record to expand the panel. In the message box you can view more information.
```

Author: Fixed

![Security Events](sec_event_detail.png)

> Host name is clickable for opening host detail popup. Vulnerabilities and Group have external link to redirect to NeuVector SSO page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Host name is clickable for opening the host detail popup. Vulnerabilities and Group have an external link to redirect to the NeuVector SSO page.
```

Author: Fixed

![Security Events](node_detail_open.png)

> Workload name is clickable for opening workload detail popup. Group has external link to redirect to NeuVector SSO page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Workload name is clickable for opening the workload detail popup. Group has an external link to redirect to the NeuVector SSO page.
```

Author: Fixed

![Security Events](pod_detail_open.png)

> Reported by field in the message box is clickable for opening enforcer detail popup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Reported by field in the message box is clickable and opens the enforcer detail popup.
```

Author: Fixed

![Security Events](enforcer_detail_open.png)

> ### Not included functions comparing with NeuVector standalone page

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Functions Not Included When Comparing with NeuVector Standalone Page
```

Author: Fixed
